doc(kafka-rw): refactor data ingestion and analysis from Kafka (#10)
risingwavelabs/awesome-stream-processing: 00-get-started/01-ingest-kafka-data.md

) FORMAT PLAIN ENCODE JSON;
```

> Optionally, for verification, you can create a materialized view to grab all existing data from the source, using the following SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By creating a source, RisingWave has been connected to the Kafka. However, to ingest the data from Kafka, we need to create some materialized views. Using the following SQL, you can create a materialized view to grab all existing data from the source and continuously capture newly inserted events from the kafka. 
```

 2023-06-13 10:07:00+00:00 | user3   | page1   | view
 2023-06-13 10:08:00+00:00 | user4   | page2   | view
 2023-06-13 10:09:00+00:00 | user5   | page3   | view
(5 rows)
```

To learn more about the `CREATE SOURCE` command, check [`CREATE SOURCE`](https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/sql-create-source/) from the offical RisingWave documentation.

To further perform some basic analysis on the data from the created source, check [Section 00-01](../01-query-process-streaming-data/001-ingest-analyze-kafka.md#analyze-the-data).

### Create a table

You can also create a table to connect to the Kafka topic. Compared to creating a source, a table persists the data from the stream by default. In this way, you can still query the table data even after the Kafka environment has been shut down.

The following SQL query creates a table named `website_visits_table`, using the `CREATE TABLE` command.
```sql
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS website_visits_table (
 timestamp timestamptz,
 user_id VARCHAR,
 page_id VARCHAR,
 action VARCHAR
 )
WITH (
 connector='kafka',
 topic='test',
 properties.bootstrap.server='localhost:9092',
 scan.startup.mode='earliest'
) FORMAT PLAIN ENCODE JSON;
```

> For verification, run `SELECT * FROM website_visits_table;` and you should see the same outputs in the [`Create a source` part](#create-a-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For verification, run `SELECT * FROM website_visits_table;` and you should see the same outputs with selecting from the materialized view created above.
```

> 

Author: Maybe also add suggestions on when sources/tables are preferred?

Reviewer: Yes, I will write a pr to compare them later.
